+++
banner = "images/event/cc/camp-2018/banner"
images = ["images/event/cc/camp-2018/banner-medium.jpg"]
date = "2018-07-30T08:30:00-04:00"
PublishDate = "2016-12-01T19:00:00-03:00"
draft = false
event_location = "Acadia Entrepreneurship Centre Rural Innovation Centre, 24 University Avenue, Wolfville, NS"
project = "creative-computing"
event_sponsors = ["Acadia Entrepreneurship Centre", "Acadia University"]
title = "Creative Computing Camp 2018"
topics = ["tech-ed"]
pics = []
+++

Creative Computing Camp is a week long adventure into the world of Computer Science.  Using the popular Scratch programming environment to master the basics of software development, we will build interactive artwork and stories, video games, and software that interacts with the physical world.  Through our exploration of the creativity of software development, we will learn about where ideas come from, and how to turn ideas into action.  Campers will also connect with Computer Scientists in our community who are changing the world one algorithm at a time.  

## Format ##

{{< pic src="images/project/creative-computing/format.jpg" title="Format" align="right" >}}

Creative Computing Camp will start at 9:00 AM, with an early drop off at 8:30.  Pickup will be from 4:30 to 5:00PM.  Each day will focus on building new skills and applying knowledge to a unique camper project.  Camp will take place on the Acadia University campus.  A combination of in class and outdoor activities will make up the camper's day.  

Wednesday we will be presenting our work at the Wolfville Farmers' Market in the format of an arcade.   The Wednesday Market supper runs from 4 to 7PM.  Besides presenting their work, kids will also eat supper at the Market too.  Pickup will be from 6:30 to 7PM at the Wolfville Farmers Market.

Parents, take a break.  We can provide lunch for campers too.  Just ship 'em off with a snack.


## Camp Size ##

{{< pic src="images/project/creative-computing/size.jpg" title="Class Size" align="right" >}}

The camp is capped at 20 kids between the age 8 to 11.  Where historically such camps tend to be predominantly male, we are limiting spots for boys to 50% in order to promote diverse gender participation.


## Registration ##

{{< pic src="images/project/creative-computing/requirements.jpg" title="Requirements" align="right" >}}

The suggested cost for the camp is $130 per camper, or $180 including lunch.  We realize that this fee will not scale to meet everyone's budget and will provide financial assistance as needed.   

Campers will also need to bring a laptop to camp.  The laptop needs to be able to run a modern web browser such as Google Chrome.  A mouse is also highly recommended.  Laptops are available for kids who do not have access to their own.

To register, fill out the below form, or [open the registration form directly](https://goo.gl/forms/NlpuD39bMebsTRyE3).

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfNmLfn-b2BVPf59I5H8uLp4Ji-gcbSKvwlaWT5AAYDpc3FQQ/viewform?embedded=true" width="100%" height="100%" style="height: 95vh" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading...</iframe>

## Special Thanks ##

Big tip of the hat to the {{< organization "Acadia Entrepreneurship Centre" >}} for hosting our camp.
