+++
banner = "images/event/cc/camp-2019/banner"
images = ["images/event/cc/camp-2019/banner-medium.jpg"]
date = "2019-07-22T08:30:00-04:00"
PublishDate = "2016-12-01T19:00:00-03:00"
draft = false
event_location = "Acadia Entrepreneurship Centre Rural Innovation Centre, 24 University Avenue, Wolfville, NS"
project = "creative-computing"
event_sponsors = ["Acadia Entrepreneurship Centre", "Acadia University"]
title = "Creative Computing Camp 2019"
topics = ["tech-ed"]
pics = []
+++

Creative Computing Camp is a week long adventure into the world of Computer Science.  Using the popular Scratch programming environment as a starting point, we will build interactive artwork and stories, video games, and software that interacts with the physical world.  Through our exploration of the creativity of software development, we will learn about where ideas come from, and how to turn ideas into action.  We will explore the world beyond Scratch, including 3D design, printing, and virtual reality.

## Format ##

{{< pic src="images/project/creative-computing/format.jpg" title="Format" align="right" >}}

Creative Computing Camp will start at 9:00 AM, with an early drop off at 8:30.  Pickup will be from 4:30 to 5:00PM.  Each day will focus on building new skills and applying knowledge to a unique camper project.  Camp will take place on the Acadia University campus.  A combination of in class and outdoor activities will make up the camper's day.  


## Camp Size ##

{{< pic src="images/project/creative-computing/size.jpg" title="Class Size" align="right" >}}

The camp is capped at 20 kids between the age 8 to 11.  Where historically such camps tend to be predominantly male, we are limiting spots for boys to 50% in order to promote diverse participation.


## Registration ##

{{< pic src="images/project/creative-computing/requirements.jpg" title="Requirements" align="right" >}}

Creative Computing Camp is donationWare.  Camp costs what you can afford. If that is just $10, that is perfectly fine.  

Campers can bring their own laptop to camp.  The laptop needs to be able to run a modern web browser such as Google Chrome.  A mouse is also highly recommended.  Laptops are available for kids who do not have access to their own.

To register, fill out the below form, or [open the registration form directly](https://forms.gle/R7gxNdMM8pcnrxhS7).

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScNvtPg_b6uaxXYISAYc2Hd6y3YM3cBBRH_G0xopLCqtZ5d2A/viewform?embedded=true" width="100%" height="100%" style="height: 95vh" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading...</iframe>

## Special Thanks ##

Big tip of the hat to the {{< organization "Acadia Entrepreneurship Centre" >}} for hosting our camp.
