+++
banner = "images/project/hoist/banner"
images = ["images/project/hoist/banner-medium.jpg"]
date = "2024-09-30T14:45:00-04:00"
PublishDate = "2024-05-01T19:00:00-03:00"
draft = false
event_location = "Wolfville, NS"
project = "creative-computing"
event_sponsors = []
title = "Refresh 2023 - 2024 Youth Cohort"
topics = ["tech-ed"]
pics = []
people = ["Michael Caplan"]
+++

For the past several years, Refresh Annapolis Valley has been offering courses to small cohorts of learners over the academic year.
The courses offered include:

* **Creative Computing**: An introductory Computer Science course for younger learners using the Scratch programming environment.
* **Scratch Masters**: Advanced course for young learners focused on Scratch, physical hardware programming with Microbits, and retro video game development.
* **Build Arcade**: An introductory Computer Science course for High School learners using Makecode Arcade to build retro style video games.
* **Build Web**: Advanced course for High School learners interested in building websites and web applications.

## Format ##

Class size is restricted to 6 maximum to facilitate a hands-on learning environment between mentors and learners.  

Courses are offered in one of two formats:

* Month long concentrated:  Two classes a week over the course of a month. 
* Academic year intensive: One class a week over the course of the academic year.

## Get On The List! ##

The 2023 - 2024 cohort is just beginning to form.  Fill out the below form to get on the list:

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScuJxCAYcyiI-koHQK_djvgW1h59Wqm4WMhvBT2lc6jKTRctw/viewform?embedded=true" width="100%" height="100%" style="height: 95vh" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading…</iframe>