+++
banner = "images/event/hoist/camp-2019/banner"
images = ["images/event/hoist/camp-2019/poster.png"]
date = "2019-08-12T08:30:00-04:00"
PublishDate = "2016-12-01T19:00:00-03:00"
draft = false
event_location = "Acadia Entrepreneurship Centre Rural Innovation Centre, 24 University Avenue, Wolfville, NS"
project = "hoist"
event_sponsors = ["Acadia Entrepreneurship Centre", "Acadia University"]
title = "BUILD: Computer Science Camp for Girls"
topics = ["tech-ed"]
pics = []
+++

BUILD is a week long dive into the world of Computer Science for girls 11 to 14.  We will explore the basics of software development while building interactive artwork and literature, video games, and software that interacts with the physical world.  Through our exploration we will also journey through use of hardware, refine our ideation skills and turn our ideas into software.  Campers will also connect with Computer Scientists in our community who are changing the world one algorithm at a time.

## Format ##

BUILD camp is a sleep away camp at Acadia University.  Campers Will be dropped off 8:30 AM on Monday and picked up 4:30PM on Friday.  Each day will focus on building new skills and applying knowledge to a unique camper project.  Camp will take place on the Acadia University campus.  A combination of in class and outdoor activities will make up the camper's day.  


## Registration ##

The camp is capped at 20 girls aged 11 to 14.   BUILD is donationWare.  Camp costs what you can afford. If that is just $10, that is perfectly fine.   

Campers can bring their own laptop to camp.  The laptop needs to be able to run a modern web browser such as Google Chrome.  A mouse is also highly recommended.  Laptops are available for girls who do not have access to their own.

To register, fill out the below form, or [open the registration form directly](https://forms.gle/G7CjKZBLdctjE3x38).

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdkeJFsMLtOnDUVZVcjMeOZ4-H319kZX9xInbuKK6vWAvW_Xg/viewform?embedded=true" width="100%" height="100%" style="height: 95vh" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading...</iframe>

## Special Thanks ##

Big tip of the hat to the {{< organization "Acadia Entrepreneurship Centre" >}} for hosting our class.
